Ragrawal changes (#212)
scikit-learn-contrib/sklearn-pandas: README.rst

The stacking of the sparse features is done without ever densifying them.

> Using Numerical Transformer

Author: ```suggestion
Using ``NumericalTransformer``
```

****************************

> While you can use FunctionTransformation to generate artibtrary transformer but they cannot not serialized (pickled).
> NumericalTransformer takes function name as a string parameter and hence can be easily serialized.

Author: ```suggestion
While you can use ``FunctionTransformation`` to generate arbitrary transformers, it can present serialization issues when pickling. Use ``NumericalTransformer`` instead, which takes the function name as a string parameter and hence can be easily serialized.
```
Fixes a typo, grammar and makes the sentence easier to understand.
